[theme music]
[Min-ha] Your wife will lose
consciousness if we don't do anything.
She keeps pushing,
but the baby just isn't coming.
Natural birth is no longer possible
at this point.
If the baby's head is stuck
in the birth canal for too long,
it won't be good for the baby.
Plus, the baby's heart rate
is becoming erratic.
We could lose the baby if we keep going.
[scoffs]
We need to get her in to surgery.
That is what your wife would want too.
No way. I can't allow
that to happen, Doctor.
Can we just wait a little longer.
Please, Doctor?
[breathes heavily]
[tires screech]
[yawns]
[Seok-hyeong] Park my car for me.
Okay.
[patient's husband] Doctor, my wife
has to have a natural birth.
She probably only agrees to surgery
because she's in too much pain.
But if she gets through all of this--
You're putting them
in a critical situation.
She's completely exhausted now.
The baby is in a difficult position
and hasn't budged in three hours.
We need to get them into surgery now,
or we're going to lose both of them.
Actually, it's four in the morning,
so she's been there for four hours.
My daughter-in-law promised me
that she would have a natural birth.
Doctor, let's just wait
a little bit longer.
But if it doesn't work,
then you can take her into surgery.
Right, that time is now.
We just can't wait a single second longer,
or we're going to lose both of them.
What are you still doing here?
Why aren't you in surgery yet?
Professor, her family is insisting
that she have a natural birth.
They won't let us--
I've heard babies that are born
naturally tend to be smarter.
-Can't we wait just a little longer?
-[Seok-hyeong sighs]
You know, back in my day,
we had no problems with natural birth,
even after three days in labor.
I guess your goal
is to have a natural delivery,
but our goal here is to ensure
that the delivery is safe
for both the mother and the baby.
We're running out of time here.
Mrs. Choi needs a surgery now.
She already consented to it.
We're doing it.
We are going into a surgery.
-Get prep.
-Okay.
[patient's mother-in-law gasps]
[patient's husband] No, wait.
-[mutters]
-[patient's husband sighs]
-[Yeong-ha] Mr. Kim Hyeong-jin.
-Yes.
[Yeong-ha] Please take this
and go wait in front of room 4.
[classical music playing]
It's so busy today, like always.
[chuckles]
-Oh, this nothing compared to a week ago.
-Right.
[Yeong-ha] Mr. Kim Hyeong-jin,
please come in.
Sure.
[Yeong-ha] We just need to confirm
your date of birth.
[Hyeong-jin] January 25, 1974.
[classical music playing]
[Gyeo-ul] Mr. Kim Hyeong-jin is next.
I remember him! He lives in Yesan.
And when he came in last month,
his AST level was at 150.
Do we have his results already?
How do you even remember all of that?
Quiz Champion.
Ever heard of Janghak Quiz?
Uh, I grew up watching
The Golden Bell Challenge.
Unbelievable.
Yeah, I watch that show too.
Star Golden Bell.
[Hyeong-jin chuckles]
Hello.
-Hi there, good morning,
-[Gyeo-ul] Good morning.
-So it's been a month, huh?
-[Hyeong-jin] It has.
-Good morning, Dr. Lee.
-[Ik-jun] Hi.
[clears throat]
So how were you feeling? Good?
Yes, I feel really great.
I think the surgery really did me good.
[chuckles]
But, Dr. Lee,
you don't look so good today.
Oh, I was on duty last night,
so I didn't get any sleep. Yeah.
You had some blood work done this morning.
But it doesn't look like…
-[knocks]
-…we have the results yet.
Dr. Lee, they're sending you
the test results now.
[Ik-jun] Okay, thanks a lot.
Mr. Kim, it looks like
you've gained a bit of weight.
[Yeong-ha] Mr. Cho Seon-ho.
Here's your prescription for another week.
Just call this number here
to book your appointment.
Okay, thank you very much.
[classical music continues playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Professor, we don't have
all the lab results in yet.
So we'll be starting ten minutes late.
Your gown should be in the treatment room.
[Jun-wan] Oh, really? Good timing.
I just finished the surgery.
I won't be late, then.
I'll head over right away.
[theme music]
[automated voice] Doors are opening.
Doors are closing.
[Ha-yul's mother pants]
-[automated voice] Doors are opening.
-[Ha-yul's mother] Hurry! Hurry!
[Ha-yul's mother panting]
Thanks for holding the door.
Hi there, you like the candy?
I have three more at home.
I have strawberry. I have orange and…
-toasted rice too!
-[I-hyun] Wow!
I have strawberry, I have orange, and…
Hmm, do you have plum?
Hmm. How about apple?
That's wrong, I don't have those. Hmm-mm
Okay then. Ha-yul, are you upset
with met for not knowing?
[chuckles]
Ah…
It looks like she's getting better.
Her jaundice has receded a little.
The color of her eyes
is looking much better.
I was worried that it would get worse.
But thankfully it hasn't.
How has she been the last two weeks?
Good. Although, she did contract
a fever last week.
-Stop it, Mom! Don't tell him about that.
-[chuckles]
Okay, fine. I won't tell him.
-She still have it?
-No, she's fine now.
When she gets a fever, I get scared--
No. Stop!
I don't want him to know about that.
Okay, then I'll stop talking.
All right then.
Just a second, Ha-yul.
How about we take a look?
[gasps]
Look what he is doing.
That's a pretty hairpin there.
[Jeong-won] Your hair looks really nice.
Ha-yul, look, this is you right here.
Do you like it?
Do you want to play with it?
-Okay.
-[chuckles]
Ah, we tested her vitamin levels
last month,
and everything is looking good.
So I suggest we change it all up.
No more vitamin injections.
We'll be switching to oral medications.
Okay. How about Vitamin K?
Yes, we'll be giving that too.
We'll be simplifying the treatment plan.
Oh, and she'll be okay, won't she?
Yes, she should be fine.
Doctor, look, this is you.
[gasps]
Huh? That's me? Oh, wow!
[chuckles]
Wow! That's such a good drawing.
-Mm-mm.
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
Draw me again next time. Okay, Ha-yul.
-Hmm, sure!
-[Jeong-won laughs]
-[Ha-yul's mother] Let's go.
-[laughs]
Say "Thank you, Dr. Ahn, Ha-yul."
Thank you, Dr. Ahn.
[chuckles]
Hmm?
[whispers]
[gasps, laughs]
What did she say?
"Toasted rice flavor." She remembered it.
[both chuckle]
Bye, Ha-yul. Bye-bye!
Bye!
[both] Good morning, doctor.
Yes, take a seat.
[Cheon sighs]
[sucking teeth]
[keyboard clacking]
[clicks tongue, inhales]
Everything looks good so far.
It looks fine.
[both chuckle]
That's a relief. I'm glad to hear it.
I couldn't sleep last night,
I was so nervous about it.
And the X-ray we've done,
does that look okay?
Yes.
What about the blood test results
and electrocardiogram?
I just told you everything looks fine.
Hm-mm. Right.
Doctor Cheon.
Lately in the night,
my husband has been getting leg cramps--
That has nothing to do
with his heart now, does it?
Do you have any other questions?
-No.
-So we're done here. Okay.
[cell phone ringing]
Hello?
I'm sorry, who?
[patient] Thanks, doctor.
Sure, you take care now,
and don't forget to exercise.
[Su-hui] Hmm.
[mouse clicking]
-Hello, doctor.
-[Jun-wan] Hi, please have a seat.
[mouse clicking]
You're surgery was two months ago.
Is that right?
Yeah, it's been two months since then.
-[mouse clicking]
-[clears throat]
[mouse clicking]
You got a haircut.
[chuckles]
Yeah, that's right, I got a haircut.
I looked like a crazy person before.
[chuckles]
[mouse clicking]
Um, Doctor Kim,
did my condition get any worse?
No, no, everything looks good, actually.
I reviewed all your test
starting from the X-ray
you had done before your surgery.
Your X-rays are looking good.
Your blood tests are looking good.
-And the electrocardiogram is normal.
-[both exhale]
-[both chuckle]
-[Jun-wan] Hmm.
This one was done right before surgery,
and the one on the right is from today.
The lungs are in black,
and the heart is in white.
Your right atrium and ventricle
were enlarged before your surgery.
You don't have to be a doctor
to see the difference between the two.
Your heart looks notably smaller
than before.
-Yes, I can see the improvement.
-Yeah.
Everything is looking good.
Did you experience any symptoms
after your appointment last month?
No. Ah, everything has been all right,
but I noticed when I get up too fast
I start to feel a little lightheaded.
-Does it happen often?
-No, just every once in a while.
Is that a common thing
to experience after surgery?
Yeah. it does tend to happen,
it is a common thing to experience
after surgery,
but it should disappear over time.
To put everything simply,
while you're lying down
your heart and your brain
are level with each other.
So all the blood flow is normal.
But the moment you get up,
your brain is suddenly
at the higher level than your heart
So your blood vessels contract
to pump blood faster.
When you squeeze the tip of a garden hose.
it makes
the water shoot out faster, right?
It's the same here.
Your blood vessels have to contract
to pump your blood into your brain.
But if they don't do it fast enough,
and blood doesn't get to your brain,
that's when you feel lightheaded.
Ah. That's make a total sense.
You were given diuretics
and antihypertensives after the surgery,
which can throw you off balance
temporarily.
Rather than pushing it,
so you can see whether your condition
is improving or not,
I suggest you getting up slowly,
if you do,
you can avoid feeling lightheaded.
-Okay.
-My wife is awfully impatient, doctor.
She always getting up as fast as she can.
So impatient.
-[husband laughs]
-I'll be more careful.
-Any other questions?
-That's all.
-All right, then.
-Thank you.
[groans]
[machine beeping]
[groaning continues]
[So-ye] Dr. Cheon will be
with you shortly.
Thank you.
Sir, our residents here,
the ones in Cardiothoracic Surgery,
are quite used to performing
tube thoracostomies.
They did them several times a day.
Maybe it would help if I called in
a resident who can here sooner?
[machine beeping]
We'll wait for Dr. Cheon.
Sure.
Hmm.
He's coming here?
Dr. Cheon is on his way here right now?
Yeah. He canceled all of his appointments,
so he could be here.
In fact, I thought he was going to say no,
so I called him
thinking I would get yelled at,
but he said he'd come and take care of it.
My goodness.
But he hasn't treated any lung disorders
in over 20 years.
Yes, but this is considered
a basic task in CS.
That's right. Because it is so basic,
last time he did anything
in the Emergency room
was probably well over 20 years ago.
-[scoffs]
-[So-ye] Hmm.
This patient, how does he know Dr. Cheon?
He's a politician.
He represents the district
where Dr. Cheon lives.
I heard they're golf buddies.
-Where is he?
-Ah, he's right over here.
[Congressman groans]
[tense music]
[Myeong-tae breathes heavily]
[grunting]
[Myeong-tae] Why isn't this working?
[Congressman groans]
[Myeong-tae] Goddammit!
Why isn't this going in?
[Congressman yelps]
[Myeong-tae] What is wrong with this?
It must be broken.
What a piece of crap.
Give me the mosquito forceps. Quick!
[Myeong-tae] What the hell?
Why isn't this working?
What's wrong with this thing?
[sucks teeth]
[Myeong-tae] Hold on.
Just hang in there, all right?
[Congressman screams]
[Myeong-tae] What the hell?
-[Congressman screams]
-Something wrong with this.
Come on! Why isn't it working?
[Congressman screams]
Your liver somatic index is normal
and good, you don't have jaundice anymore,
and you did have cancer,
so we ran some tests to check for relapse.
[inhales]
Hmm.
[exhales]
Hmm. Your blood vessels are fine.
Here, take a look at this.
[Ik-jun grunts]
[Ik-jun] This right here is your vein.
Your hepatic portal vein
is looking pretty good too.
This is your hepatic artery.
This thin thing right here.
This one looks okay too.
[inhales]
So your blood vessels are doing just fine.
[all chuckle]
Thank you, Dr. Lee.
You know, I've been coming
to the hospital for so long
that I can tell how things are,
just by looking at the X-rays.
[both chuckle]
He had the transplant
on more than two years ago,
but before appointment
he still has trouble sleeping,
-because he's so nervous about it.
-[soft sigh]
He's worried the cancer will come back.
[clicks tongue]
It keeps mom and I up all night too.
[inhales deeply]
Your father's cancer wasn't that serious,
and the surgery was over two years ago…
[smacks lips, inhales]
…so I think it's safe to say
that he's fully recovered by now.
What?
[chuckles]
I…
I couldn't believe it.
Are you sure, doctor?
I thought we had to wait five years
before we could assume it was gone.
[both chuckle]
-Oh, gosh.
-[Ik-jun chuckles]
We'll still be monitoring his condition.
But statistically, the chances
of the cancer recurring are small
unless it happens
within two years of the transplant.
Only mild cases
like your father's, of course.
[chuckles]
Thank you so much, Dr. Lee.
[sobbing]
I'm so thankful for my son,
and I'm thankful for you too, Dr. Lee.
[chuckles]
It's nothing sure if a miracle,
but I'm still alive today.
Oh, come on, I'm really thankful
that you recovered so well.
[both chuckle]
I'd say you're almost fully cured now,
but it's important
that you keep taking care of yourself
and get some regular exercise.
Also, be sure not to miss
any of your doctors' appointments
and make sure
your tests are all done on time.
Of course.
[laughs]
So then, I'll see you in three months.
-Okay.
-Thank you. Take care.
[Ik-jun] Bye.
[all laugh]
-[sighs deeply]
-[door slides open]
-I think that's a record.
-[door slides close]
You have appointments back-to-back
after working the entire night shift.
Do you want some bread or something?
No, thank you. Ugh, I want real food.
I'm gonna get a proper dinner.
Dr. Lee, you'll still have
one patient left.
-No, you're lying
-Right. I was just kidding.
Hey, I'm hungry. Let's eat something
Sure.
[cheerful piano music]
God, I'm so tired.
[gasps]
You can't see Min-chan and Eun-ji
from here.
-[chuckles]
-[awkward chuckle]
I was thinking,
I brought some food from home,
-maybe we could have dinner together.
-Hmm? Sure.
-Let's go.
-[Min-chan's mother] Okay.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
PICU
-There's a cafeteria here.
-[Eun-ji's mother] Yeah.
Have you eaten?
There's beef bone soup today.
You enjoy yourself. I've got a date.
[comical music stings]
Hey, come on, let's go. Dinner, right now.
I've to get going.
I have dinner with Mom tonight.
Don't push me. Don't you dare.
[comical music stings]
Those two are such jerks.
[dial tone trilling]
[operator] Please leave a message
after the tone…
Ah, Ik-jun should be done
with his appointments by now.
That guy's never around when I need him.
[background chatter]
Ah!
Hey, Professor Kim!
[chuckles]
As of today, I am free.
All my exams are done.
-Let's grab dinner together.
-The interview goes well?
Of course it did.
I have such a likable face, as you know.
I miss the cafeteria food,
so I came here super-fast.
I've got some intel.
They're serving beef bone soup.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Intel, my ass. Hey.
[Ik-jun] Beef bone soup. Let's go.
Let's go. You had to study so hard.
So dinner's on me.
Oh, then let's go out for dinner.
Come on, you should be taking me
to a nice restaurant.
That's what I deserve. Please?
[Jun-wan] I have a lecture in 30 minutes.
I'll see you.
[both panting]
[Jae-hak] I know that you do!
I know your schedule
like the back of my hand.
Of course,
I knew you have a lecture today.
I was just kidding.
Dear Jae-hak,
look at you cracking jokes with me.
Did you just say "Jae-hak, dear"?
[groans]
You called me "Jae-hak, dear"?
-You really just called me that.
-[Jun-wan] Uh, just shut up already.
[Eun-ji's mother] I've been here
for so long, I'm gotten sick
of the food here.
That's why I bring a few dishes from home.
I prefer to eat like this.
Saves me some money too.
Who knows how much longer
we'd have to wait?
We can't spend for every meal.
Thank you for this.
Oh, I didn't even know
the hospital has a place like this.
How could you have known? Hmm?
Min-chan has only been hooked up
to the VAD for a week.
I'm sure you still frazzled about it.
Uh, I'll bring some
side dishes too tomorrow.
I had to rush Min-chan to the hospital,
so I still have
a bunch of side dishes in the fridge.
I bring them for us tomorrow.
Tomorrow's Saturday.
You should go home and get some sleep
even just for a day.
You should catch up on sleep.
You'll feel much better.
Besides, we can only see
the kids twice a day anyway.
So you shouldn't stay here the whole day,
just come back when you need to. Hmm?
It's okay to do that.
[chuckles softly]
It's like I said,
it's like we're running a marathon.
Right, this is so nice of you.
Oh, for Min-chan,
you should add some calorie boosters
to his foods and milk.
I know he's older than Eun-ji,
but he seems to be…
Don't mind if I'm saying this,
but he seems shorter than usual.
Look, the faster he grows the easier
it would be for him to find a good donor.
Mm. Right.
[sighs]
It's always worried me a little bit
that he is smaller
than he should be for his age.
I guess I didn't do a good job
raising him.
-[awkward chuckle]
-Goodness. Don't you ever say that.
-Here, eat this and smile.
-Thanks
Min-chan's blood type is A, isn't it?
So that means he can get a heart
from any one with blood type A or O.
So he has more chances there.
Just keep thinking positive thoughts.
Okay?
Okay.
[chuckles]
The food is getting cold.
Hurry up and eat.
-[both chuckle]
-Thanks again for this.
I hope Eun-ji finds a donor soon
so Min-chan can find one too.
I really… I really hope they find them
the right donor.
I appreciate that.
[chuckles]
I truly believed…
miracles can always happen.
GUARDIAN RESTAURANT
[Eun-ji's mother] Go on, eat up.
So this week,
you have a bunch of surgeries.
Yeah, I'm pretty much booked
for the next two weeks.
There's one Chief Kwon asked me to do.
Chief Kwon? He asked you
to operate on a patient?
-Yeah, his brother.
-Oh, no.
He couldn't do it,
operating on his own brother.
So I told him
that I'd do the surgery next week.
I'll do it before my appointments.
[slurps]
Mm-mm.
[sighs]
What's on your mind?
It's about Daddy-Long-Legs.
I told you how it works already, didn't I?
Hmm, yeah, you did.
So few days ago, we got an inquiry
from Ji-am Medical Center.
A big hospital in Mokpo.
It performs three to four transplants
in a year.
Mokpo?
I thought you only covered Yulje and KWMC.
I've, um, expanded.
The more people the program can help,
the better. Right?
I sent an anonymous email
to every single hospital in the country,
explaining how the program works,
and I told them, they can inquire anytime.
[sighs deeply]
Don't ever complain
that you're tired ever again.
Really. I'm totally fine.
[slurps]
[soft grunt]
So tell me what is the hospital
in Mokpo asking for?
At first, they were just asking
for financial support.
They have a patient there
who's been battling liver cancer
for years,
and he doesn't have health insurance,
so he's run his savings dry
on hospital bills.
Right now, he's living off welfare
and can barely makes end meet.
He has a son too,
however, his son doesn't know he's sick.
He and his wife haven't told him yet.
Then one day, his son got worried
all of a sudden
and went to Mokpo to see him.
But he was in the ER
due to hepatic encephalopathy.
His belly was pretty swollen.
The moment his son saw
his father like that,
his knees buckled and he started bawling,
saying that he's a terrible son,
and beg them to save his father.
Can't the son donate his liver?
He said he would happily donate his liver.
The wife was seeing a neurosurgeon
about a cerebrovascular disorder,
so she couldn't.
But when the father
regained consciousness,
he said he'd never let his son
go through all that.
[clicks tongue]
There is no way he let it happen.
But eventually his wife and son
were able to convince him to.
Oh.
[chuckles]
I'm surprised you asked
for all these details.
Of course, I did.
The money has to be put to good use.
Yeah. That's true.
[sharp inhale]
So we can help them out, can't we?
Yeah, I told them that we would.
But then I got an email from their doctor.
They were going to liaise
with a local university hospital,
but while testing for compatibility,
they figured it would be too difficult,
and we're hoping to transfer him
to a hospital down in Seoul.
But they're good.
I had a professor from there.
I wonder what the problem is.
The father is pretty big at 90kg,
while his son weighs 60kg.
-So, size is the issue.
-Right.
They said they can't do it
due to the size difference.
They wanted to see if the surgery
could be done in Seoul,
and if we'd still be able to provide
financial support to them
if that were the case.
-That doesn't matter.
-Right, that's what I told them.
But then, I got another email
from them this morning.
KWMC and Seojung got back to them.
They also said
they wouldn't be able to do it.
Jae-an Medical Center
told them that they could do it,
if there are two donors, to be safe.
But I don't think that's possible.
Ah, the son is the only person
who can do it at the moment, Ik-jun,
and the father is strongly against
getting liver grafts from two donors.
Every hospital has its own rules
and standards.
The doctor there said he only ask Yulje
to do it as the last resort.
I told him I could ask Yulje
because I've done business with them.
The patient isn't doing well,
so we're running out of time.
Why waste more going back and forth?
I told him that I'd ask Yulje for him.
Yeah, that's good.
Could you look into it?
If you think the surgery
is one that can't be done,
then I'll stop and give up on it
because that means it isn't possible.
But you can do it, right?
Sure, I'll look into it.
Ask them if they can send over
his CT scan and other test results.
The sooner you do it, the better.
[smacks lips]
Okay, I'll ask them right away.
-Hurry up and eat. Must be getting cold.
-Oh, right.
Is it someone you know? Who is it?
-How could you tell?
-It sounded like you knew the doctor.
So who is it?
Hyeong-do, Baek Hyeong-do.
You mean Baek Hyeong-do,
the guy that was on my team?
The guy who had
that deep and charming voice?
Are you talking about that Baek-Hyeong-do?
Yes, that Baek Hyeong-do.
[chuckles]
Your rival.
"Rival"? What do you mean, "rival"?
He thought of you as his rival
for six years.
That's why he hated your guts.
Who? Me? How can anyone hate me?
That's probably why he did.
Anyway, it turns out now that he's…
the director of that hospital in Mokpo.
Wow. That's really impressive.
Performing transplants there.
That can't be easy to do.
He said it isn't.
[tongue clicks]
I played dumb
and asked him some questions.
He said they're short-staffed,
and the medical office is small.
But he's doing his best out there.
So the people there wouldn't have to go
all the way to Seoul
to receive proper medical treatment.
Respect, man, respect.
Maybe I should give him a call
if I do end up doing it.
He and I were close, you know,
even though you hated him.
[Jun-wan] Who?
Aren't you friends with everyone?
-Hello there, Professors.
-Hey, there.
Hey, you know Hyeong-do, right?
-Baek Hyeong-do?
-Yeah.
Yeah, sure. He's your rival.
-[Jae-hak] His "rival"?
-He's this guy he went to school with.
He wanted to beat Ik-jun so bad,
he gave him a ticket to a club
during exams.
He bought the ticket with his own money,
so Ik-jun would get wasted and failed.
Hold on, Hyeong-do bought that ticket?
He told me he got it for free
because his uncle owned that club.
Hyeong-do's uncle…
is a Buddhist monk.
He's the head of biggest temple in Mokpo.
Very respectable.
[Jun-wan and Song-hwa chuckle]
So did you end up failing?
No way. He still got good grades
because he got to unwind.
The ticket ended up helping him.
Hey, you guys.
Remember I was crazy
about Park Jin-young back then.
My hips popped out back then,
and it's still missing.
What exactly do you call that thing
between your waist and your butt?
My hips, man.
[yells]
Oh, there it is. Didn't you see it?
It zoomed back to me
and click back into place just now.
[all laugh]
-You're so lame.
-[laughter]
That was… that was really funny.
[laughing]
Well, look at you, Dr. Do Jae-hak.
You got a great sense of humor.
Send me his test results
when you get them.
I will
[upbeat music playing]
[upbeat music continues]
[exhales]
-[wind blows]
-[soft gasp]
[quirky music playing]
[exhales deeply]
[quirky music continues]
Let's go.
Get in. It's cold.
[Jeong-won] Watch your head.
[Jeong-won grunts]
[Gyeo-ul gasps]
-[romantic music playing]
-[Jeong-won grunts]
Professor Ahn, what if somebody sees us?
[chuckles]
Sorry, it totally slipped my mind.
Was anyone there? I didn't see anyone.
Let's go.
[quirky music playing]
[Seong-yeong] Hold on a minute,
that was Dr. Jang and Professor Ahn
we saw right?
-[Yun-bok] Yeah.
-[Jae-sin] I'm sure it was.
Did Professor Ahn just open his door
for Dr. Jang and help her in?
Yes, and it looks like
he's done it before.
Wow.
-Professor Ahn is a true gentleman.
-Totally.
He's incredibly well-mannered.
The way he opened the door for her
was so natural.
He's really is such a gentleman.
I should have applied to GS.
I'm pretty jealous of Dr. Jang.
[Seon-bin and Seok-min sigh]
So Professor Chae gave you this car?
And for free?
Hm. She gave me her old car
because she bought a new one.
Hmm.
[hands flustering]
-Are your hands cold?
-Hmm, just a little bit.
[light music playing]
[soft chuckle]
[romantic music]
Aren't you seeing anyone yet?
-What do you mean?
-I mean a girlfriend.
-I'm not.
-You don't want to date?
[munching]
I don't.
[Seok-hyeong chuckles]
Mom, I'll figure it out.
[chuckles]
Don't worry.
Just eat. Your food will get cold.
I said because of me?
Are you worried I'd fight them again?
It's not that.
I just like how things are now.
The truth is I feel happiest
when I'm all alone.
Don't you feel the same?
Aren't you a bit relieved
that Dad's finally gone?
I don't believe you.
But it's true.
I really like being single.
It's nice to be single.
It's comfortable. You don't need
to worry about anyone.
But the things is,
the joy of being single
can just never compare
to the joy of falling in love.
Even New Journey to the West
would be much more enjoyable then.
[laughing]
Now having said that,
-a friend of mine has a daughter.
-Excuse me.
Could I get the bill?
No, stop it, Professor.
Everyone is going to find out.
[scoffs]
No one is going to know.
And we're not at the hospital now.
Why do you keep me calling "Professor"?
I really don't want you to call me that.
Everyone will find out at this rate.
All because of you.
It's true you're like a ticking bomb now.
-Oh, me?
-Have you already forgotten
what happened
in the Medical Office yesterday?
[instrumental strums]
Hey, you made it. Now we're all here.
Did you have to gather everyone
for the retirement ceremony?
Professor Ahn is running a little late.
[grunts]
[Ik-jun exhales]
I'm so sorry. Sorry, I'm late.
-[Gyeo-ul] Hmm.
-[clears throat]
[sharp inhale]
-[sighs]
-Hey, what is this meeting about?
We're planning to make a video
and certificate
for Professor Kim Jin-mo's
retirement ceremony.
Right.
So we've received
everyone's video files already.
They'll compile and edit them
over the weekend,
so if you have
any additional photos or videos…
[quirky music playing]
Wow.
[laughing]
-Ahn Jeong-won, everyone.
-Such a gentleman!
-[Bae-jin] We should all learn from him.
-Yeah.
You should've done that for her.
She assisted you
in two whole surgeries today.
-My gosh, Professor Ahn. You're too good.
-[all chuckle]
[Bae-jin] Top of the line!
-You take such good care of the residents.
-[all laugh]
[Se-hyeok] Professor Ahn,
you're so sweet guy. I'll give you that.
-[Ji-hun] He really is.
-[all laugh]
[laughing]
Soon, people might start thinking
that Professor Ahn
is Dr. Jang's boyfriend or something.
[laughs]
-[quirky music playing]
-[Ik-jun laughs]
[quirky music continues]
[chuckles]
I said people might think that.
-[Ji-hun] Come on!
-[doctors laugh]
[Ji-hun] Yeah. No way!
-How could anyone think that?
-[Bae-jin] You went too far with that one.
Professor Lee, you and your absurd jokes.
And what if things start
getting awkward between them?
Oh! Oh, my bad. Sorry!
I'm sorry, Professor Ahn.
-[laughter]
-It's fine. Don't worry.
Oh, by the way, have we decided
on the topic for the lecture yet?
Yes. KWMC's Cancer Center Director
is giving a lecture
on surgeries of the future.
[murmurs]
You and I are gonna talk after this,
-asshole.
-[chuckles]
[murmurs]
I'm busy.
I need to get
my immigration documents ready.
[surgeon 1] I think we should also start
making plans and everything.
[surgeon 2] What do you guys think, huh?
-I'm thinking…
-Yeah, it sounds good.
[Jeong-won sighs]
Why are your cheeks so cold?
We've only been out for few minutes
and your nose is red already.
You should get inside. Hmm?
I can't, until you let go of me.
Ah!
[both chuckle]
Good night.
Ah!
[both chuckle]
["I Love You More Than Anyone"
by TWICE playing]
[chuckles]
[both giggle]
[train engine rumbles in distance]
What the hell? You leaving this early?
Yeah. Go back to bed.
Wow.
You really are something, aren't you?
[groans]
[chuckles softly]
[door opens, closes]
Mmm.
[munching]
Mom, did you just make this?
The perilla leaves are so fresh.
Yes. I marinated them all this morning,
one leaf at a time.
Wow.
I wanted my son to eat
the freshest leaves today. Here.
Mom, I… I can't finish all this
And why not? You're still growing.
[chuckles softly]
I'm 41 and I'm still growing?
I can't believe my son
is already 41 years old.
I suppose I've lived too long.
Mom, 70 is the new 50.
You'll live another 30 years
at the very least.
Oh, please.
[utensils clanking]
Mmm.
-It's really so good.
-Hmm.
This is the best.
The best perilla leaves I've ever had!
Have some more then.
[chuckles]
Don't be fooled by the bowl,
it's really not that much rice.
-Yeah, I can finish this.
-Hmm.
[Rosa chuckles]
-[soft music]
-[chomping]
[Rosa] Mmm-mm.
Mom, I really like
these big chunks of potatoes
in the soybean paste stew.
It's good, right?
They're from my neighbor.
They were all pretty small,
so I didn't cut them up.
-But they are still pretty good.
-They really are.
Yes.
[Rosa chuckles]
-Did you cook these yourself too?
-Um-hm.
Why ever did you cook this food for me?
-Mmm-mm.
-Ah.
[Rosa] Mmm. Ah.
Mmm.
-So good.
-It's good?
Yes, because my son fed it to me.
Mom, you want coffee?
Black or with milk and sugar?
Milk and sugar.
Milk and sugar. Okay.
[doorbell screeching]
Who's coming over this early?
Only one person
who'd come here this early.
[Rosa] Is everything okay?
Why are you staring at the falling leaves?
Because they're like me.
[gulps]
[sighs, clicks tongue]
The falling leaves remind me of myself.
They're just like me.
Is it about your kids?
Your eldest is visiting and I thought
you were excited to have dinner together.
It's been months,
but the minute he saw me, he said…
he said I should decide
how to divide my assets while I'm healthy.
[scoffs]
[smacks lips, sucks teeth]
If I wait until I become senile
and lose my good judgement,
my children would get into a big fight
over my assets.
So he said I should sell everything
and divide it up to avoid that.
Did he really say it to you that coldly?
Yes, that's exactly what he said.
Actually, it was even worse
than how I said it.
-[Rosa sighs]
-[inhales]
God, I'm getting upset
just thinking about it.
I know that he's right and I should do it.
[sighs]
But I gotta say, I feel so hurt and angry.
[sharp exhale]
[sighs]
I'll give them everything I own.
Who is going to get everything
if my two sons don't?
They ask me for it so bluntly.
It really hurt me. I'm really pissed off.
Damn it.
So you giving them everything anyway.
[soft grunt]
Go ahead and give them
what they are asking for. Seriously.
It must've been hard for Geon-tae
to bring it up with you out of nowhere.
I'm sure he hesitated to bring it up.
Rosa, hey, you know my son
is nothing like Jeong-won.
Jeong-won is one of a kind,
there's no one like him.
You know, if he told me
he wanted to become a priest,
I'd say there's no one better for it.
-Hey!
-Just watch this.
-Jeong-won.
-[sniffles]
-Yes?
-I'm sure that you know your mother
owned some land in Hwaseong,
it's a big property.
She inherited it from her father.
Yeah, I think I heard about it.
It's all yours, the entire thing,
you can have it.
What?
Hey, Mom, is this true?
Yes, it's true. It's all yours.
Why?
[quirky music]
Why would you give it to me?
I don't need it.
-[Rosa mutters]
-[deep sigh]
You should just sell it,
so you can buy a nice apartment
and live a comfortable life.
Working on your vegetable garden
will only make your back worse.
If you need more money,
I'll take out a loan and help you. Okay?
A loan?
You're a doctor! And you don't have money?
Do you need to get a loan for money?
No, that's not what I meant.
A loan is an asset too.
It's not like just anyone
can get a loan, Mom.
Shut up!
[sighs]
[scoffs]
[sighs deeply]
[chuckles softly]
[scoffs]
-[sighs]
-[chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
JI-AM MEDICAL CENTER
JANG JONG-GIL
[dial tone trilling]
-[Song-hwa] Hey.
-I'll do it.
-Really?
-I think I can do it.
[sighs]
That's a relief.
-I hope it's not too much to ask.
-[chuckles]
It's not gonna be easy.
but it's a borderline case,
so it's doable.
I have operated on a patient
with a lower GRWR,
and that surgery went pretty well.
And these tests tell me
that his son is young and healthy.
It's a borderline case, but it's doable.
His liver is barely functioning,
and we can't find another donor for him.
So I'm thinking we should take the risk
and give it a shot.
Have him come in on Monday,
so we can get him fully tested.
Okay, then, I'll let Hyeong-do know.
No, that's okay,
just send his number over to me.
I have to ask him some questions
about this anyway.
Really? Hold on, he doesn't know
I'm Daddy-Long-Legs.
Hey, you think
I'm some kind of a snitch, don't you?
Don't worry, I'll tell him Social Services
gave me his details.
Okay, we'll tell him that.
-Bye.
[inhales]
[exhales deeply]
[Ik-jun groans]
You wash your hands?
Mmm.
Good job!
So what do you feel like eating?
I have to do some work from home,
so we'll get something delivered, okay?
-Mmm.
-Great.
[sucks teeth]
How about, hmm…
I'll guess what you feel like
eating tonight, huh?
Okay, it's a multiple choice.
Oh, do you even know what that means?
Mmm. Tell me the choices then.
Choose the dish
U-ju feels like eating the most right now.
Wait, this is too hard.
Gosh. I don't think I can do this.
Is it A, a hamburger.
-Or B, a burger.
-[mutters]
Uh-huh.
-[U-ju] Or C.
-Uh-huh.
Um… Wait.
-Hold on, ah…
-[mutters]
Ah, don't you remember
what the third choice was?
Then, hold on. Uh, hey, U-ju.
Come on, okay. Uh…
Let's go home
while you try to remember, while you're
eating a burger. Okay, let's go?
Let's go.
[Ik-jun humming]
[deep exhale]
Hey, have you had lunch?
Tell me what kind of burger you want.
I just had my lunch, thanks.
So for now, I'll go pick up the packages.
Okay then. U-ju, I'm getting you
a Happy Meal. Sound good?
-The bulgogi burger, nuggets--
-Bulgogi burger, the set meal.
I want it with French fries
and some orange juice.
Gosh, he knows the whole menu by heart.
-What about you?
-Oh, me?
[Ik-jun chuckles]
What do you suggest I get?
For you? The supreme shrimp burger.
-Shrimp?
-Um-hmm.
The supreme shrimp burger large combo.
Get the French fries upgraded
to cheese sticks.
And get a soda.
I'll have a sip of it, okay?
Yes, sir.
[chuckles]
Is it good?
You know I actually make burgers
pretty well.
How about I show you my cooking skills
next week, huh?
Um-hmm. Let's just order in.
This tastes better.
Okay.
How are Mo-ne and Ma-ne? They're okay?
Ma-ne and Mo-ne are always going camping.
-Camping?
-Um-hm.
They always bragging about camping
with their dad.
They go camping every weekend.
-Do you wanna go camping too?
-Um.
Sure, we can do that. Let's go camping.
-Really?
-Hm.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hello.
-[Gyeo-ul] Dr. Lee, Kim Eun-sun
started vomiting blood today.
Gastric variceal bleeding is suspected.
We're using the SB tube
and it's looking better,
-but the bleeding won't stop.
-I'm on my way there.
You have to keep checking her vitals
and call Gastroenterology
for an emergency endoscopy.
We may not be able to do it,
so get a CT scan done
and see if she can get TIPS done too.
Um-hm.
See you later, Dad.
It's all right. I'm used to it by now.
I'm sorry, little guy. I'm sorry.
No, Dad.
You really don't need to be sorry.
You're doing good things at work.
I'm your universe and you want to be here.
But the bigger universe out there
needs your help right now.
-Who told you that?
-Aunt Terminator.
[soft music playing]
[chuckles]
[breathes deeply]
-[Ik-jun] I'll be quick. Okay?
-[chuckles]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
ANESTHESIA DURATION, CURRENT TIME,
ELAPSED TIME
[machine beeping]
[Se-hyeok] Chief Kwon was getting
really worried.
The recovery should be smooth, right?
[Ik-jun] Blood loss was minimal,
the incision was small,
and there's sufficient
remnant liver volume,
-so recovery won't be a problem.
-[Se-hyeok] Okay.
[Ik-jun] Good work, everyone.
[doctors] Thank you, doctor.
[Ik-jun] Well done, you guys.
[Ik-jun] Hey.
Why didn't you come in?
[Chief Kwon] Thanks for this.
You work pretty quick.
[Ik-jun] Yeah. Thankfully,
it was smaller than we thought,
and the location wasn't too bad either.
The surgery went well,
and the remnant liver volume
is good enough.
So I don't think you need to be worried.
[sighs deeply]
Oh, my goodness.
[Ik-jun] Hey, were you that worried?
You could've done this yourself.
This is a cakewalk for you.
As far as I know,
no other doctor has performed
more liver resections than you.
[Chief Kwon] This was my brother's
request, and I said yes right away.
[Ik-jun] What request?
[Chief Kwon] He said
I'd feel too pressured,
and I might mess up the surgery.
He asked me to recommend a doctor
that I trusted.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
[Chief Kwon]
Don't you have appointments today?
I'm sorry. I owe you big-time.
I'll pay you back tenfold.
[Ik-jun] Oh, don't even mention it.
I still have some time
to my first appointment.
You could buy me coffee.
Sure thing. You know what, I buy you
a coffee machine if you wanted.
Let's go!
[Ik-jun] Actually, forget it.
I…
I don't wanna have coffee with you.
How come? Why are you so fickle?
I'll get coffee in my own time.
I don't wanna start my morning
making small talk
by the coffee machine with you.
[laughs]
You should get some rest, Chief Kwon.
I know you still have
a transplant to do later.
[Chief Kwon] I'm gonna wait
for my brother.
I'll wait for him to wake up.
Dr. Lee, if there's anything
that I can ever do for you,
you just say the word.
Okay, thank you.
Okay.
-Thank you.
-[Ik-jun] Sure.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
[quirky music playing]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs]
[shivers]
[Seon-bin] Professor. Hi, good morning.
Oh, good morning.
I brought you some bread today.
Thank you.
You supposed to be
at the conference today, right?
I still have some time.
I just wanted to stop to see you
before I went.
[chuckles softly]
You know, I'll be here all week.
Seok-min's farewell party soon.
[sighs]
I don't get it.
I don't understand why he's leaving.
You two fighting?
Yeah, it's like the Cold War.
[chuckles softly]
Oh, by the way, has Ms. Yoo's mother asked
if she could set you up with someone?
She asks me about you
every time she sees me.
"How old is she now?
Does she have a boyfriend?
What does her father do?
Where did she go to school?"
She didn't say much
when I was doing my rounds.
She must've asked me
because she's intimidated by you.
She has a son your age
and she thinks you'd be good together,
so she asks me about you all the time.
So she asks you
if you've like to be set up with her son.
I told her I wasn't interested.
What?
She already asked me,
and I had to turn her down.
Ah.
[chuckles]
-That's a relief.
-No way.
Why would I go on a date
with my patient's brother?
I told her I wasn't comfortable with it.
She's probably going to keep
asking you, you know.
I think you should just tell her
you have a boyfriend.
You're saying I should lie to her?
I don't care that much.
But it's annoying.
Just pick out one of your friends
and tell her he's your boyfriend.
-Say you're getting married soon.
-[chuckles softly]
Otherwise, you know that she's never
going to let up on you.
What about that guy?
You know, the owner of Yulje.
The wealthy heir.
[triumphant music playing]
Song-ha, what song are we doing this week?
[mumbles]
-Good morning, doctor.
-Oh, good morning.
"I Like You."
[sighs]
-Who picked that?
-Ik-jun did.
Is he trying to kill us or what?
Jeong-won doesn't own this hospital.
It doesn't have an owner.
Don't worry.
I'll take care of it, all right?
I know.
If it is him, then she's bound
to believe you.
I'm talking about your best friend.
That guy that's always
making you laugh with his lame jokes.
-Professor Lee Ik-jun.
-Ah.
I bet that if you ask him,
he'll totally do it for you.
He's really busy, and I am too.
But you know?
You're the busiest one here, Seon-bin.
[gasps]
I'm sorry, I have to go.
-[door opens, closes]
-[chuckles]
[cell phone ringing]
-Yes, hello?
-[Hyeong-do] Good morning.
Good morning to you, Hyeong-do.
You should be here
if you're that worried, you know.
Have you met him yet?
No, but he's my first patient.
Can you squeeze in his surgery?
I hope he can get it soon.
Yeah, my surgery on Friday
got moved to next week,
so Friday's good.
I should be able to do it this Friday
if everything's ready.
Seriously though, if you can.
Come join us this Friday.
You've done so much for this patient.
It'd be nice to see him
before his surgery.
Or put on some scrub and help me out.
[Hyeong-do] I do want to be there
for the surgery,
but does it have to be this Friday?
I'm doing my first transplant
in four months.
Nice. You guys are doing
a transplant yourselves?
Yeah. We're doing the whole thing
ourselves this time.
It's for a long-time patient of mine,
who trusts us to perform the surgery.
I see. Congratulations.
[chuckles softly]
Do you have enough staff?
How many assistants you got?
Just one fellow and one resident.
The resident is in his second year,
but the fellow will help me,
he's pretty good.
Wow! Look at you, man. Such a trailblazer.
Well, I'd love to visit you someday.
Just make sure you save my patient.
He's a good man.
I treated his liver cancer
for several years.
He used to volunteer at nursing house
before his health took a turn,
and he donates 10,000 won
to an orphanage every month.
He's more than just a patient to me.
Okay then, I'm meeting him soon.
I'll tell him you said hi.
Oh, by the way, Hyeong-do.
About that uncle of yours…
He still owns that club, doesn't he?
[Hyeong-do]
My uncle owns a club, huh?
He's been meditating in silence
for 98 days.
Bye then.
[quirky music playing]
[breathes heavily]
[groans]
This surgery isn't going to be easy.
Frankly, the low GRWR is a caused
for much concerned.
[sighs]
However,
the donor is young and very healthy.
So it looks good. Hmm.
His liver is in good condition,
and with this size…
The surgery should go well.
[gasps, sighs deeply]
Thank you, doctor.
-Thank you so much, Dr. Lee.
-Thank you, doctor.
It's a borderline case.
But you are pretty healthy
for such lanky guy, you know.
[chuckles]
Thank you, doctor.
Let's do it.
And to be fully honest with you.
We're kinda running out of options.
Yes, I'm aware of that.
A liver transplant is
your father's only option now.
And since you're the only suitable donor,
we have to.
I promise. I'll do my very best.
[groaning]
It's an emergency surgery.
So we'll get him in right away.
But before that,
we need to run a few more tests.
And the surgery will be done this Friday.
One of my surgeries was rescheduled,
so we'll do it this Friday
if there are no more issues.
Thanks again, Dr. Lee.
I've heard that many people die…
[breathes deeply]
…because they can't find a good donor.
It's always bleak.
Compared to them, I'm…
I'm…
[sighs]
I'm so… I'm so incredibly lucky.
[Jong-gil] Dr. Lee…
I can… handle any pain just fine.
But my son…
[groans]
He has to do this.
He has to go through this because of me.
[all sob]
So please… So please…
make sure everything is painless
for my son, doctor.
I will.
I'll make sure surgery
is completely free of any pain.
Don't you worry.
Thank you. Thank you.
[sobbing]
It's all right. This happens quite often.
It's a bilateral pleural effusion.
Or water in the lungs.
Hopefully, the cardiac stimulant
and diuretics will help him through this.
Okay.
We're keeping a close eye on him,
so don't worry too much.
Okay, thank you, doctor.
[cell phone ringing]
Excuse me. Yeah?
How's the BP? Do his hands feel warm?
All right, I'm on my way.
Excuse me.
[dramatic music playing]
[machine beeping]
Mr. Son Chan-gyu, are you thirsty?
Yeah, actually, a little bit parched.
He's feeling pretty thirsty.
His CVP is low, and his fluid balance
is in the negative.
Don't reduce the input.
You can increase it.
-And call me if anything changes.
-[Chang-min] Got it.
-Hello, Professor Kim.
-[Jun-wan] Oh, hi.
There are two types
of ventricular assist device,
internal and external.
Only the external type can be used
on infants and young children.
-Right.
-The power source
and control unit outside shut down
within 30 minutes if disconnected,
so at that point,
hospitalization is required.
But adults can get the implantable type,
so they can be discharged
and wait to receive a transplant.
-Good.
-Also, they operate differently.
Okay now, answer this one.
What is the most basic factor considered
for selecting a compatible donor?
This is a basic question.
[rock music playing]
-Is it blood type?
-Yes, it's blood type.
The blood type should be compatible.
I can't believe
you had to think that long about this.
Hm?
That's not good.
Looks like you'll have to study harder.
The difficulty level
is all over the place.
But I hope that Professor Kim knows
that I'm a fixed intern in this hospital.
I'm sure he knows that.
He interviewed you himself
as the department chief.
That's right.
[sighs]
I'm already afraid of CS.
[breathes deeply]
[chuckles softly]
[chuckles]
[both chuckle]
What are you doing here?
Just making eye contact with Gyeong-mi.
-You mean, Professor Cheon's patient?
-Yes.
-Okay, come on, let's eat.
-Okay.
[door opens, closes]
She's Professor Cheon's patient.
Our eyes met when I was walking by.
She smiled at me with her eyes,
so I smiled back at her.
She had an aortic dissection while riding
her bike, right? She had surgery for it.
Yeah, she's been diagnosed
with a hereditary disease.
Her treatment for it
had been going pretty well,
but the dissection occurred
when she was riding her bike,
-and the fall damaged her two vertebrae.
-Oh, no.
I think she might end up a quadriplegic.
The surgery was tough too.
It's scary because you'd never know
when a dissection can occur.
Her family must be very worried.
She has no family.
She's an orphan.
Doesn't she have a legal guardian?
She doesn't, either.
She has no family or relatives.
There's a nun who visits sometimes,
but I've been stopping by
every single day,
and she's always alone when I look.
[sighs]
I wish I could keep her company,
so she isn't alone,
but I don't have the time.
[machine beeping]
["In Front of the Post Office in Autumn"
by Kim Dae Myeung playing]
[sighs deeply]
Eun-ji has had
a pleural effusion before too.
I was just as worried as you.
But she did get better.
It's going to be okay.
-Hey, you haven't eaten, have you?
-Um-hm.
I brought some apples.
We can eat them together. Hm?
-Come on.
-Hm.
[chuckles softly]
[Eun-ji's mother] Come on now.
["In Front of the Post Office in Autumn"
by Kim Dae Myeung continues]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[nurse] Could you check on it?
What about here?
-No, there's nothing here.
-Nothing? Can you double-check?
[Ik-jun] Hi, everyone.
[Gyeo-ul] Hello, Dr. Lee.
[playful music playing]
[breathes deeply]
Oh, the doctor is here.
-Hi, hello, Dr. Lee.
-[Ik-jun] Hi, how are you?
So your surgery is tomorrow.
How are you feeling?
[Jong-gil] I feel good.
-I feel pretty good.
-Hm.
[Ik-jun] What about you?
[Jong-gil's son]
I'm feeling good too, doctor.
[Ik-jun] I'm glad to hear that.
I'm feeling pretty great myself.
[Jong-gil's wife] Excuse me, doctor.
Dr. Lee.
I was feeling just fine until yesterday.
But then, it suddenly hit me
that the surgery is tomorrow.
And my heart has been pounding
and pounding since then.
Even my… even my hands
have been trembling.
I think I'm more nervous and anxious
than they are.
[Ik-jun] You don't need to worry too much.
It is a big, difficult surgery,
but I'm very much prepared
to deal with it.
So then, it'll all be over
once they wake up.
So don't worry too much,
and take good care of yourself today.
[Jong-gil's son] We will, doctor.
Thank you.
[Jong-gil] And if you get a chance…
to talk to Dr. Baek,
please give him my thanks…
[breathes deeply]
Please let him know
I'm so grateful for all his help.
He said you two are high school friends.
Yes, we catch up sometimes.
I plan to visit him after the surgery,
but I want him to know…
that the next time I do see him,
I know I will be healthy and happy,
so don't worry.
[Ik-jun] I'll be sure to let him know.
Okay, get some rest.
[Jong-gil] Will do.
-Your surgery finished early.
-Yeah.
Didn't you have surgery today too?
Yeah, I'm just grabbing a quick bite.
I have a few minutes.
[quirky music playing]
[utensil clanking]
You missed breakfast or something?
That's a lot.
I did have breakfast.
I just really love this meat dish.
Hey, why did you have
to discourage her like that?
How would you feel
if suddenly she's too embarrassed
to finish her own food, huh?
[munching]
-Song-hwa.
-Hm?
I think you should probably pay extra
if you have a conscience.
Hmm.
[munching]
All right, I heard Hyeong-do
sent you a patient.
This is the first surgery
that Daddy-Long-Legs is sponsoring.
This is really good.
-I think this is a good direction for us.
-[Song-hwa] Um-hm.
How do you know about Daddy-Long-Legs?
[quirky music playing]
I'm just kidding. Just kidding.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
[sighs]
You know, you are unbelievable.
Ah, so how's Hyeong-do doing?
He was this prick's rival.
Oh, that's reminds me. I have to call him.
Gosh.
[Jeong-won clicks tongue]
[dial tone trilling]
Hey, do you have time to talk?
Yeah…
[Hyeong-do clears throat]
-…what's up?
-My patient, Mr. Jang Jong-gil says hi.
He asked me to tell you
not to worry about his surgery.
[Hyeong-do] Why would I worry
when you're the one doing it?
Tell him I'm not worried at all
and give him my best regards.
Is everything okay?
You sound a little down.
[Hyeong-do sighs]
My surgery is tomorrow,
but something happened.
I'm not sure we can do it anymore.
What happened?
My fellow had a cerebral hemorrhage
and collapsed this morning.
Thankfully, he's in surgery now,
so he's going to live.
But the problem is the surgery tomorrow.
I asked a university hospital nearby
to send us a doctor,
but looks like, they're short-staffed too.
We'll need to reschedule it.
[Hyeong-do sighs]
But I just can't bring myself
to tell the patient.
Hold on, give me a second.
Jeong-won, can you clean this up for me?
Oh, sure.
Sol's mother from Tongyeong
is renting a place near the hospital.
Oh, really? That's good news.
Must be so hard for her.
-[chuckles]
-Well, you can always go home to shower.
But she's always at the spa nearby.
She takes naps there too.
Yeah, and she was kind enough to tell me,
we can shower and sleep at her place
if we need to.
-[both chuckle]
-It's true.
She even gave me her door code.
[giggles]
That is extremely kind of her.
How long has Sol been hooked up
to the ECMO?
Hmm. I think it's been a while.
But not as long as Eun-ji though.
-Hmm.
-[cell phone ringing]
-Oh, gosh. Why is the nurse calling?
Yes, hello, what is it?
[Min-chan's mother] What?
[dramatic music playing]
Is this for real?
[I-hyun] Yes, Min-chan is actually
the first name on the waiting list.
KONOS just called us up.
The first brain death was confirmed,
and Min-chan is getting the heart.
[sobbing]
Thank you so much.
Really. Thank you so much.
This is real, isn't it?
I'm not dream, am I?
[I-hyun] No, you're not dreaming.
You're at the hospital now, right?
Come to the PICU. Professor Kim
will fill you in on the details.
Okay, I'm on my way there right now.
[sobbing]
What should I do? My gosh…
What's going on?
Did they find a donor for Min-chan?
Yes, Min-chan is finally getting
a new heart.
They chose Min-chan to get a new heart.
[sobbing]
Hurry up and go then.
You don't have time to cry now. Go on.
-Congratulations to you.
-Thank you so much.
[Eun-ji's mother] Miracles really
do happen!
[chuckles softly]
[sighs deeply]
[gentle music]
[sniffles]
We found a donor this morning.
Considering blood type, weight,
and all the other factors,
Min-chan was at the top of our list.
But we thought the situation might change,
so we waited for the declaration
of brain death.
And then we got a call from KONOS.
The first assessment
and the transplant have been confirmed.
Min-chan's will be receiving
a donor's heart,
and we're pushing through
with the transplant.
[sobbing]
Thank you. Thank you so much, Dr. Kim.
The donor is 6 years old
and weighs 18 kilograms.
Blood type A,
which is the same as Min-chan's.
Oh, my god, I can't believe
this is really happening.
[sobbing]
Thank you, doctor. Thank you so very much.
I'm not the one to thank for.
You should thank the donor's family
for making such a difficult decision--
Yes, I'm forever grateful…
I'll be grateful until the day I die.
[sobbing]
Yes, but there's still a second assessment
before they make a final decision,
so the transplant surgery
won't take place until tomorrow.
[Jun-wan] Don't stay up all night here.
You should go home, get some rest,
and come back tomorrow.
[both] Okay.
I guess you're not going home.
We want to stay here with Min-chan.
[both chuckle]
All right, then.
[Min-chan's father] Thank you.
[light music playing]
[woman 1] Oh, I'm so happy for you.
-[woman 2] It is a miracle.
-[woman 3] Congratulations.
[woman 2] I can't believe it.
[Min-chan's father] My wife deserves
all the prays.
[overlapping chatter]
[light music playing]
-Professor Kim.
-Hm?
Eun-ji's is going to
have her turn soon, right?
Yes, of course, she will
I have faith.
Yeah.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[exhales deeply]
[cell phone ringing]
SOON
Hey, is your class over?
Yes, I'm home now.
Wow.
You seem to be in a great mood.
Oh, can you tell?
Yeah, it's so obvious.
I'm going on a trip with some
of my friends this weekend.
We're going to Bournemouth,
for three days!
Oh, really? That's great.
You go and have fun.
Who are you going with?
Just Se-gyeong
and a couple Se-gyeong knows.
So four people in total.
We're going to rent a car.
Oh, really? Will you be okay?
They drive on the left there, you know.
Just take the train or bus.
I won't be driving.
Se-gyeong's friend is going to.
So I will be all right. Don't worry.
Okay, fine. Be sure to call me
when you're leaving
and when you get there.
Sure. I'll be sure to report to you
as often as I can, sir.
Oh, gosh, I'm feel little worried.
Why are you worried?
Dr. Kim, you know that
I'm turning 40 soon.
What does any of that have to do
with driving there?
Anyway, just make sure
your friend drives safely.
Yup, I'll make sure he does.
I'm hungry. I gonna eat something.
-Bye!
-Hm. Bye.
[cell phone beeps]
[soft sigh]
[sighs]
[knocks on door]
[Jun-wan] Come in.
Professor, do you wanna step outside
for some fresh air?
The stars are out.
Sounds good.
It'd be great if you could help out.
Dr. Park is my main assistant.
You can be the second one.
Or I could maybe take care
of the procurement for you.
Really? That would be great.
Yeah, that is much better.
Let's give the kids a chance to shine.
[Jae-hak] Mm-hmm.
Something wrong, Professor?
Hang on, just a minute.
Okay.
[woman sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[dramatic music playing]
["The Wind Is Blowing"
by Lee Sora playing]
[sobbing continues]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
SURGERY PATIENT
FAMILY WAITING ROOM
PATIENT NAME: LEE MIN-CHAN
CURRENT LOCATION: OPERATING UNIT
["The Wind Is Blowing"
by Lee Sora continues playing]
[machine beeping]
-[Jun-wan] Let's start removing the heart.
-[doctor] Okay.
[Jae-hak] Professor Kim,
the donor's heart is here.
[Jun-wan] Thank you.
Was it beating fine until it was removed?
[Jae-hak] Yes, it seemed fine.
[Jun-wan] Thanks.
[Jae-hak] No problem.
I'll go wash my hands.
[machine beeping]
[sobbing]
[Ik-jun] The portal vein is blocked,
so you'll see a lot of varices
and severe ascites.
Manage bleeding carefully,
and don't get flustered.
[Se-hyeok] Yes, Professor.
I'll give you a call, in case I can't keep
the bleeding under control.
-[Ik-jun] Sure, call me whenever.
-[scrubbing]
Let's do a good job,
just like we always do.
[machine beeping]
The liver is quite small as we expected,
but we can do this.
I'll take care of all the benchwork.
Make sure you check for bleeding
and if there's any bile leakage.
Close it up nicely.
-[Gyeo-ul] Yes, sir.
-[doctor] Got it.
[gentle piano music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Song-hwa] Discharging a patient
at this hour is unheard of.
[Seon-bin] The room is entirely paid
for until tomorrow.
They paid another 1.7 million
just so they wouldn't have to rush.
Wow. Flex.
What do you mean by that? "Flaxen"?
I'll tell you next time.
[chuckles softly]
[Song-hwa] Good evening,
congratulations on being discharged.
Hello, Dr. Chae.
Hello, Dr. Chae, I was so anxious,
thinking you might not stop by today.
This is perfect timing.
I think you two are meant to be.
Hey, come over here,
this is Dr. Chae Song-hwa,
my surgeon.
-Nice to meet you.
-Oh, nice to meet you.
Come join us over here.
[Gyeong-jin's mother chuckles]
Her older brother,
he's really quite a shy type.
It's no wonder he never really had
a girlfriend before.
My goodness. Take a seat, doctor.
I'll make you a cup of tea.
We have some cookies too.
-Please, have a seat.
-That's quite all right, ma'am.
I just had some tea.
Seizures can occur quite frequently
especially after brain surgery,
so make sure you take
all the medication I prescribe you.
You may experience some post-op bleeding,
as the surgical site is still healing.
The incision could re-open,
so please avoid any strenuous activities.
Sure, I'll do all of that.
So come back and see me
in about two weeks,
but you need to rush to the ER
if you experience headaches or dizziness.
So then, I'll see you in two weeks.
Oh, hold on, Professor,
I hope you don't mind,
but we just love to have
a picture taken with you.
I'm so glad that we met.
Please just a picture.
Yes, please take a picture with us.
-Well…
-Son, come join us already!
We're taking a picture together.
Let me buy a coffee, Dr. Chae.
Is that okay, Mom?
Yes, of course. Go right ahead.
Well, shall we?
All right then.
[giggles]
[Min-chan's mother]
Oh, the surgery ended an hour early.
I hope that it isn't a bad thing.
It doesn't mean there's a problem, right?
[Min-chan's father] Of course not.
Don't worry. I'm sure it went well.
Okay.
[groans]
[soft chuckle]
The surgery went very well.
[sobbing]
Thank you so much. Thank you, Dr. Kim!
Thank you so much, Dr. Kim.
[both sobbing]
Min-chan is finally gonna be okay.
Our son is finally going to live.
[both sobbing]
Don't cry. This is happy news.
The surgery went well,
and we received the donor's heart on time.
The heartbeat is strong,
and the bleeding was minimal,
so we finished a bit sooner
than we expected.
They're closing up his chest now,
and we'll be moving him
to the ICU in about half an hour.
So I'll see you there in a bit. All right?
-Thank you, doctor.
[both sobbing]
-[Ik-jun] Good work, guys.
-[nurses] Thank you, doctor.
Oh, gosh. Oh, gosh, Dr. Lee.
The surgery went very well.
Oh, my goodness.
-[chuckles softly]
-Thank you.
We had a bit of difficulty removing
the blood clot from the portal vein,
and he had another variceal hemorrhage,
like the one that happened before.
But thankfully, the bleeding stopped
once we got to the liver.
[gasps, groans]
That's why it took a bit longer
than we had expected,
but the surgery went very well.
All the important parts are done,
so they're wrapping up in there now.
And he'll be moved to the ICU
in about an hour or so.
He'll be hooked on a ventilator
for a while, so he won't be able to talk.
But the good news is that
I'll make sure that you
-can still visit him whenever you like.
-Oh, my god, Dr. Lee…
Thank you so much, doctor.
[Jong-gil's wife sobbing]
[Ik-jun] You don't need to worry anymore.
Don't worry now. It's okay.
I'm really sorry about that.
It must have made you uncomfortable.
I apologize on her behalf.
I'm really sorry.
That's all right. I'm not really the type
to be bothered by things like that.
You're probably busy.
I'm thinking she must have been
quite a nail on your side.
Again, I'd like to apologize.
No, really. I should thank you
for getting me out of there.
[chuckles]
I know exactly how to handle those things.
Pretty smooth, huh?
Yeah.
[chuckles]
[both chuckle]
You know if the café still open?
-Yeah, the part-timer there sent me a DM.
-What?
A DM. We're friends on Instagram.
-What the hell are you talking about?
-[cell phone beeps]
Min-chan's out. Hey, I've got to go.
Okay!
Wait. Really?
Yeah, I really do have a girlfriend.
Your mother seemed to have no idea.
She does know.
Oh, but my sister doesn't
because she was overseas for a while.
Does she not approve of her?
No, definitely not.
My girlfriend isn't from a rich family.
My mother doesn't like that,
and she hates her job.
She used to be so fond of her, though.
Oh, we were friends before we dated.
My mother knows her pretty well.
We became friends in college.
Wow. Then how did you two start dating?
[inhales deeply]
She confessed to me
out of the blue one day.
Just last year. She said, she liked me.
I rejected her at first.
We were best friends,
so I didn't want to mess things up.
So I said, "I just want us
to stay friends, best friends."
[sharp inhale]
You know, that night, I mulled over
everything that I said to her.
And that when I realized
I never really answered her question.
She told me that she liked me,
but I said I didn't want
our relationship to get awkward.
My answer didn't make any sense.
So I started seeing our relationship
in a bit of a different light.
As a man and a woman,
not just two friends.
Hm…
I really like her. She's wonderful.
When I'm with her, I feel…
[chuckles softly]
…happy.
When I'm with her, I just feel…
I feel great.
[chuckles]
Do you have a friend that you like too?
Oh, me?
Oh.
[chuckles]
Hello.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
[chuckles]
[laughs]
Here, this is for the nursing staff.
-Enjoy.
-Thank you.
-This is going to make their day.
-Hmm.
-Aren't you done for the day?
-Yeah, yeah.
-I wanted to check in on Mr. Jang.
-Oh.
Hold on. One of these is missing a straw.
Oh, this one is mine.
-Take it easy. Bye.
-Bye.
[cell phone ringing]
It went well.
I'm headed to the ICU now to see him.
[Hyeong-do sighs]
Seriously.
-What?
-Hey, I can't believe you sent your chief.
Wasn't he good?
Was he confused because
he hasn't assisted anyone in a while?
Gosh. Jeez. You're unbelievable.
-You're crazy, you know that?
-[laughs]
Hold on, give me a second.
Jeong-won, could you clean this up for me?
Oh, sure.
Hyeong-do, don't tell the patient
anything just yet.
I'll call you in five minutes.
Um-hm.
Tell me, whatever it is.
Your wish is my command.
Are you doing anything tomorrow?
-Tomorrow?
-Yeah.
I have a conference in the morning,
but I'm available after that.
These days, I try not to book anything
after lunch on Fridays.
I'm going to retire soon,
so I can slack off a little. No one cares.
[chuckles]
Why? What is it that you need?
[exhales]
Hmm.
Do you think you can go to Mokpo
for me tomorrow?
I'd like to give you the opportunity
to help out some trailblazers.
[Ik-jun] So, the surgery went well?
-[Hyeong-do] Yeah, it went very well.
-Way to go.
Ik-jun, Chief Kwon
helped us out so much today.
He really helped us
clear bunch of hurdles.
Really? I'm going to call him in a bit.
I'll let him know.
-Thanks a lot.
-What? Come on.
I got to go. Get some rest. See you.
-Okay, nice work today.
-Bye.
[light music playing]
[drum sticks tapping]
["I Like You" by Mido and Falasol playing]
♪ I don't know what love is yet ♪
♪ I do not know ♪
♪ But we are happy together ♪
♪ Your confusing confession
Makes my heart flutter ♪
♪ But it's too difficult to understand
So I don't like it ♪
♪ I don't like it ♪
♪ People have told me ♪
♪ That they like my cute smile ♪
♪ But not anymore ♪
♪ I have a secret now ♪
♪ But I like you, this could be love ♪
Guitar.
[guitar strums]
♪ I don't know what love is yet
I do not know ♪
♪ But we are happy together ♪
♪ Your confusing confession
Makes my heart flutter ♪
♪ But it's too difficult to understand
So I don't like it ♪
♪ I don't like it ♪
♪ People have told me ♪
♪ That they like my cute smile ♪
♪ But not anymore ♪
♪ I have a secret now ♪
♪ But I like you, this could be love ♪
♪ La-la-la-la-la-la ♪
♪La-la-la-la-la-la ♪
[Ik-jun] Whoo!
Who… whoa.
Wow. Whoa.
She's supposed to be there by now.
Why isn't she answering her phone?
[dial tone ringing]
[Se-gyeong] Hello?
I'm sorry, is this Lee Ik-sun's phone?
Yes, it is. Sorry, but Ik-sun can't come
to the phone right now.
You must be her boyfriend. I picked up
because I didn't want you to worry.
I'm Ik-sun's friend.
Oh, I see, I see.
Is everything all right with her?
Well, it's nothing too serious.
But we got into an accident,
and she is a little hurt.
She hurt her arm and her head.
She's having some tests done.
Really. It's nothing serious, though.
You don't need to be too worried.
-Well, uh…
-She'll be just fine.
She asked me not to tell you
or her family…
-Wait.
-…but I didn't want you to worry.
Wait. What kinds of tests are they doing?
To be honest, I'm not really sure.
It's probably a brain test.
She bled a bit from a head wound.
She'll be out in a bit.
I'll tell her to call you.
Okay, tell her I'll stay up
and i'll wait for her call, okay?
Okay, I'll let her know.
Thanks a lot. What's your name?
Oh, sorry. My name is Ko Se-gyeong.
Ik-sun and I live in the same building.
I'm pretty much her closest friend here.
[drum sticks tapping]
[closing theme music]
[Song-hwa] Is something up with Jun-wan?
He's lost so much weight.
I can't really eat.
It feels like I'm chewing sand.
[Ik-jun] He's pretty stressed out.
Too many surgeries. He's overworked.
I've never seen him so stressed out.
Professor Cheon has
a conference next week.
Are you taking his patients?
[Jun-wan] I don't care.
Mind your own business.
What do you mean? Ik-sun.
Something's happened, right?
[Seok-hyeong] Could he have broken up
with his girlfriend?
It's just a bunch of things
are stressing me out these days.
I have a lot on my mind.
And? What else?
[Song-hwa] I heard too. You know,
everyone at the hospital already knows.
Just wait. Something will come along.
On one condition, though.
I might go back to Sokcho tonight.
I'm pretty weird, right?
[Ik-jun] I won't tell anyone.
I'll keep it to myself.
How did you even know I had a question?
Are you some kind of mind reader?
[Seon-bin] You make me feel so reassured,
it's like I'm always giving you a boost
whenever you're in Seoul.
Dr. Heo, we shouldn't be so quick
to open up the head.
[doctor] No way. What are the chances?
-[Seon-bin] I'm sorry.
-[Ik-jun] You know this is serious, right?
[Jun-wan] I really can't figure him out.